深圳米兰国际时尚设计学院
SHEN ZHEN MILAN CREATIVE
深圳米兰国际时尚设计学院座落于深圳市罗湖区繁华的地王-京基100—万象城
商圈之深圳书城12楼，是深圳市米兰时尚设计培训中心与意大利布尔格时装设
计学院合作创办的培养时尚时装设计高端人才的教育机构。该学院引进意大利时
尚设计教育模式，将时尚时装设计长期的学习过程浓缩为高效率、专业化的短期
培训，首开中国时尚教育之先河。其时装教学涉及时尚时装界的各个领域：时装
设计、成衣制作、市场推广、产品管理、时装与媒体等。始终站在时尚最前沿的
专业设置，为目前沉闷的中国时尚时装市场注入了新的活力。该学院设置的时装
设计、高级定制、婚纱设计、童装设计、包袋设计、鞋子设计、珠宝设计、内衣
泳装设计、帽子设计、时尚绘画、配饰设计、平面设计、室内设计等多种专业和
课程，直接与法国巴黎高级时装学院、伦敦圣马丁学院、意大利polimoda设计
学院、美国纽约帕森斯学院的专业要求相衔接，英、法、意、美的资深设计专家
全程授课，为中国地区的艺术类留学考生搭起了直通世界顶尖设计学府的桥梁，
学生学成能获得国外设计名校本科以上学历。 同时米兰国际时尚设计学院与国内
多所大专院校合作为学生提供全日制大专以上学历教育，双学历的保障为中国学子提供了更
多的选择。目前，该学院与世界顶尖的时尚品牌和国内知名的时装企业保持着密切合作，这
为广大学子提供了向世界展示自己的机会，为他们创造了广阔的就业前景。该学院正源源
不断地为圣马丁、polimoda、帕森斯、巴黎高级时装学院输送学生。在打造中国
的“设计之都”的长路上，深圳米兰国际时尚设计学院正大步踏实前行！
Milan Creative is on the twelfth floor of Book City, located among DiWang Building，KK100，and 
the Mix City, which is the downtown of Luo Hu. As an education administration cooperated with 
 Burgo, Milan Creative is aimed at cultivating the elites of fashion design.The academy use the 
way in which Italy applies in fashion education for reference, condensing the long fashion design 
process into high-efficient, professional short-term education, serving as the precedent in fashion 
education in China. Milan Creative encompass all the fields involved in fashion world, such as 
fashion design, couture, marketing, product supervising, fashion & media, etc. The most 
up-to-date curriculum of fashion pour new energy into the Chinese fashion market. The Fashion 
Design Course, Dressmaking Course, Wedding Design Course, Children’s wear Course, Bag 
Design Course, Shoes Design Course, Jewellery Design Course, Underwear & Swimsuit Design 
Course, Hat Design Course, Fashion Sketching Course , Accessory Design Course, Graphic 
Design Course, Interior Design Course, are consistent with those of the EMSOD, Central Saint 
Martins College of Art and Design, ISTITUTO MARANGONI, Parsons School of Design. The 
designers from British, France, Italy, America will be the teachers in the whole process, this 
making the art students’ getting admitted into world-class fashion academy possible. Meanwhile, 
our academy closely corporate with the world-famous brands and the most outstanding domestic 
enterprises, providing the students with great opportunities in their careers. Up to now, our 
academy is continuously delivering students to Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design, 
ISTITUTO MARANGONI, Parsons School of Design, ESMOD. On the way to the ‘Design 
Center’, Milan Creative is now stably walking forward!






